User message: You are in room 3. To your right, there is door leading to room 2. To your left, there is a door leading to room 4. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 4
User message: You are in room 4. To your right, there is door leading to room 6. In front of you, there is a door leading to room 5. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 5
User message: You are in room 5. To your right, there is door leading to room 7. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 7
User message: You are in room 7. In front of you, there is door leading to room 12. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 12
User message: You are in room 12. There is no new door. Where would you like to go next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 7
User message: You are in room  7.0. You already know what are your possible options since you already been there. Where will you go ? Choose an accessible room. VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 5
User message: You are in room  5.0. You already know what are your possible options since you already been there. Where will you go ? Choose an accessible room. VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 4
User message: You are in room  4.0. You already know what are your possible options since you already been there. Where will you go ? Choose an accessible room. VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 6
User message: You are in room 6. In front of you, there is door leading to room 11. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 11
User message: You are in room 11. To your right, there is door leading to room 10. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 10
User message: You are in room 10. In front of you, there is door leading to room 9. To your left, there is a door leading to room 14. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 14
User message: You are in room 14. In front of you, there is door leading to room 16. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 16
User message: You are in room 16. To your left, there is door leading to room 17. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 17
User message: You are in room 17. In front of you, there is door leading to room 18. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 18
User message: You are in room 18. There is no new door. Where would you like to go next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 17
User message: You are in room  17.0. You already know what are your possible options since you already been there. Where will you go ? Choose an accessible room. VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 16
User message: You are in room  16.0. You already know what are your possible options since you already been there. Where will you go ? Choose an accessible room. VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 14
User message: You are in room  14.0. You already know what are your possible options since you already been there. Where will you go ? Choose an accessible room. VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 10
User message: You are in room  10.0. You already know what are your possible options since you already been there. Where will you go ? Choose an accessible room. VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 9
User message: You are in room 9. In front of you, there is door leading to room 8. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 8
User message: You are in room 8. To your left, there is door leading to room 13. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 13
User message: You are in room 13. In front of you, there is door leading to room 15. Which room would you like to enter next? VERY IMPORTANT: Answer only the room number you choose and nothing else.
Model's choice: 15
User message: You are in room 15. You have reached the goal. Well done!
User message: You reached the goal, well done! Now imagine that when you entered room 16 for the first time, there was a door on your right connecting the room to room 15, is there any other way to reach the exit? If yes, please provide the room sequence.
Model's choice: Congratulations! You've reached the goal in room 15. You were excellent in navigating through the rooms.
User message: Now imagine that when you entered room 16 for the first time, there was a door on your right connecting the room to room 15, is there any other way to reach the exit? If yes, please provide the room sequence.
Model's choice: The new sequence with the shortcut from room 16 to room 15 would look like this: 3-4-6-11-10-14-16-15.
User message: What would bee the sequence in term of right and left movement ?
Model's choice: From room 3, 
1. Turn left to enter room 4. 
2. Turn right to enter room 6.
3. Go straight to enter room 11.
4. Turn right to enter room 10.
5. Turn left to enter room 14.
6. Go straight to enter room 16.
7. Turn right to enter room 15.
User message: awesome
Model's choice: I'm glad you found the information helpful! If you have any other questions or need further clarification, feel free to ask.
User message: STOP
